Alice today are you so beautiful something
do you hold a pen rain today with
dad we go ride the train we
already in park Alice shows de villiers
how beautiful before the forest let's go let's go soon
amusement park
Alice also wants Alice
see what a big giant egg
Alice
Hawaiian matter kita see what
on the same you want yes class
show me the star station
Dad sent the train's braids
Now we buy tickets
so let's go now
ticket policies and in the window more
look no for face with and unusual
first time we go to the clouds like
baby glass yulechke drawn and
here I am
for everything for guys luchane bones now
let's go gave their guys sitting here
at
and yet
dad pick up
and therefore no no but hold
still
finger and now we go we go
we stopped at the terminus
yes everyone was allowed to go for a walk 10
just a minute here we go walk and
Vityusha Balance and Palladium like this
not visible soon
baby im leben
one two Three
That's better than parents out there for
a cat
drove on Alice
all calm rain and let's go on
walk alice is small and nowhere
lets have to go to the nursery
pad
we will play here
but those take off my shoes
add
alice wave the pen to mom
well duck kova
you yourself don't know when you want
Alice Where are you? Alice
here she is
katena
the men
still want alice
come on, let's wait for you one more time
love
broads dictionary oh cool
flew alice flew off somewhere
road
well rested well walked yet
do you want to drink you already sleep